new package: Update example to subject: verb version (#496)
getsolus/help-center-docs: docs/packaging/updating-an-existing-package.md

git commit
```

## Commit message format

> With the switch to a single large package git repository, having a regular, easy-to-read standardized commit message format helps enable quick and efficient "at-a-glance" parsing of git commit messages for packagers and Staff alike.

Reviewer: We like Oxford commas :smiley: 

```suggestion
With the switch to a single large package git repository, having a regular, easy-to-read, and standardized commit message format helps enable quick and efficient "at-a-glance" parsing of git commit messages for packagers and Staff alike.
```

- [ ] Package was built and tested against unstable
```

### Other commit message format examples

In the cases where you are not updating a package to a new version, but simply applying a patch of fixing an existing version, the following commit message shortlogs are considered suitable:

- Add the `homepage` metatdata key:
  `package: Add homepage`
- Fix a packaging issue (including adding a patch to fix the package)
  `package: Fix (...)`
- Updating a README, monitoring.yml file or other stuff that does not directly _change_ the package, meaning the package release number didn't need a bump:

>   `package: [NFC] Add README.md and monitoring.yml`

Reviewer 2: I don't think we have documentation for README.md and monitoring.yml yet. Would it more prudent to use MAINTAINERS.md as an example?

> `[NFC]` is an abbreviation adopted from the clang compiler suite, which expands to "Non Functional Change".

Reviewer 2: I don't think history of the term is relevant here. It also adds unnecessary jargon. Please remove.

Author: When we introduced it in serpent, people asked "what does NFC stand for?!", because it is a common abbreviation for "No F...ing Clue", hence I added it for context.

Reviewer 2: Okay, how about swap the senteces. Definition comes first then the context.

- [ ] Package was built and tested against unstable
```

> ### Other commit message format examples

Reviewer: It might be better to have multiple subheadings for the above section. Something like:

```md
# Commit message formatting

There should be a meaningful summary line (which starts with the package name), a blank line, and then the rest of the commit message.

## Package update

{text from existing "commit message format" section}

## Other package change
```

In the cases where you are not updating a package to a new version, but simply applying a patch or fixing an existing version, the following commit message shortlogs are considered suitable:

- Add the `homepage` metadata key:
  - `package: Add homepage`
- Fix a packaging issue (including adding a patch to fix the package)
  - `package: Fix (...)`
- Updating a README, monitoring.yml file or other stuff that does not directly _change_ the package, meaning the package release number didn't need a bump:

>   - `package: [NFC] Add README.md and monitoring.yml`

Reviewer 2: I don't think we have documentation for README.md and monitoring.yml yet. Would it more prudent to use MAINTAINERS.md as an example?

Reviewer: We do actually have an article for `monitoring.yml` :)

https://help.getsol.us/docs/packaging/monitoring.yml

`[NFC]` is an abbreviation adopted from the clang compiler suite, which expands to "Non Functional Change".

> The overall reasoning for the git shortlog formats shown above is to enable quick and efficient "at-a-glance" parsing of git shortlogs for Solus Staff.

Reviewer 2: Can you reprhase this sentence with minimal jargon (git, shortlogs, at-a-glance) ?

Author: Reads fine to me. Will need someone more familiar with the style guide to chip in here.

Reviewer: If we go with my suggestion above about heading hierarchy, I would like this bit to be in the above "Commit message format" section. Something like "We use a git commit message format to enable quick and efficient parsing of git commit messages."

This does a couple of things:

1. Sets the reasoning up front
2. Immediately introduces the idea of readable commit messages
3. Reduces jargon; the reader doesn't need to know what a shortlog is
4. Makes the language more inclusive; Solus staff aren't the only people that might want to read commit messages

- [ ] Package was built and tested against unstable
```

### Other commit message format examples

In the cases where you are not updating a package to a new version, but simply applying a patch or fixing an existing version, the following commit messages are considered suitable:

- Add the `homepage` metadata key:
  - `package: Add homepage`
- Fix a packaging issue (including adding a patch to fix the package)
  - `package: Fix (...)`

> - Updating a README, [monitoring.yml file](https://help.getsol.us/docs/packaging/monitoring.yml) or other stuff that does not directly _change_ the package, meaning the package release number didn't need a bump:

Reviewer: We can use a relative link here:

```suggestion
- Updating a README, [monitoring.yml file](monitoring.yml.md) or other stuff that does not directly _change_ the package, meaning the package release number didn't need a bump:
```
